0x52

high

# WIchiFarm#pendingRewards suffers from significant precision loss causing loss of rewards

## Summary

IchI LPs are 18 dp tokens while IchiPerShare is only 9 dp. In conjunction with how small typical Ichi LP values are, the precision loss caused during calculation can cause nontrivial loss to users. 

## Vulnerability Detail

[WIchiFarm.sol#L122-L127](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/wrapper/WIchiFarm.sol#L122-L127)

        (uint256 enIchiPerShare, , ) = ichiFarm.poolInfo(pid);
        uint256 stIchi = (stIchiPerShare * amount).divCeil(10 ** lpDecimals);
        uint256 enIchi = (enIchiPerShare * amount) / (10 ** lpDecimals); <- @audit-issue precision loss here
        uint256 ichiRewards = enIchi > stIchi ? enIchi - stIchi : 0;
        // Convert rewards to ICHI(v2) => ICHI v1 decimal: 9, ICHI v2 Decimal: 18
        ichiRewards *= 1e9;

Since stIchi and enIchi are calculated separate from eachother, it results in precision loss. Normally this precision loss would result in trivial losses but in these circumstances the losses could be quite large. This is because IchiPerShare is stored as a 9 dp value. Additionally even large deposits result in [very low LP values](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xe6acb00276123aae88698476e724b59e61f16ce3b7ffac23bdbedf4578a0b23d). This creates a scenario where users can lose substantial rewards to precision loss.

Example:
A user deposits $500 worth of ICHI to get ICHI LP. This deposit results in the user receiving ~860000000 LP (based on current conditions). Now imagine a the IchiPerShare increases by 1e9 (1 unit of IchIV1). Based on the current math this would result in the user getting 0 in rewards:

860000000 * 1e9 / 1e18 = 0.86 which is truncated to 0.

## Impact

Precision loss will cause permanent loss to the user

## Code Snippet

[WIchiFarm.sol#L110-L133](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/wrapper/WIchiFarm.sol#L110-L133)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Calculate rewards like [WConvexPools](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/wrapper/WConvexPools.sol#L110-L121) to reduce precision loss as much as possible.