ravikiran.web3

high

# IchiVaultOracle is using a mockup instead of the correct library

## Summary
IchiVaultOracle contract is referring to "UniV3WrappedLibMockup" instead of  "UniV3WrappedLib".
The mock up does not implement any of the functions, they are dummy implementation.

## Vulnerability Detail
Example: check spotPrice0InToken1() in the IchiVaultOracle contract which points to UniV3WrappedLibMockup.**getQuoteAtTick().**

If you check the implementation in the mock up contract, the below is the implementation.

 function **getQuoteAtTick**(
        int24 tick,
        uint128 baseAmount,
        address baseToken,
        address quoteToken
    ) external pure returns (uint256 quoteAmount) {}

The contract is pointing to dummy implementation which will produce un expected results.

## Impact
None of the functionality related to IchiVaultOracle is expected to work properly as there is no implemetation in the mockup and even if it was there, it was a static data and does not meet the real business scenarios. This will imply incorrect function of business logic and could lead to economic loss.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/oracle/IchiVaultOracle.sol#L60-L76

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/oracle/IchiVaultOracle.sol#L78-L103

**Implementation for Mock up**
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/libraries/UniV3/UniV3WrappedLibMockup.sol#L5-L48

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The logics in the IchiVaultOracle contract should point to "UniV3WrappedLib" instead of "UniV3WrappedLibMockup".
After pointing to the correct lib, proper testing needs to be done to make sure the business logic is working as expected.
