Ch_301

high

# users could be exposed to big penalties from the Curve Pool

## Summary
On [Ichi SPELL](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/spell/IchiSpell.sol#L182-L183) the protocol use this 
```soldity
        if (param.sellSlippage > bank.config().maxSlippageOfClose())
            revert Errors.RATIO_TOO_HIGH(param.sellSlippage);
``` 
to check the slippage for Uniswap.

A Curve pool is considered imbalanced when there is an imbalance between the assets within it. For instance, the Curve stETH/ETH pool is considered imbalanced if it has the following reserves:

- ETH: 340,472.34 (31.70%)
- stETH: 733,655.65 (68.30%)

## Vulnerability Detail
If a Curve Pool is imbalanced, attempting to perform a proportional join will not give an optimal return (e.g. result in fewer Pool LP tokens received).

In Curve Pool, there are penalties/bonuses when depositing to a pool. The pools are always trying to balance themselves. If a deposit helps the pool to reach that desired balance, a deposit bonus will be given (receive extra tokens). On the other hand, if a deposit deviates from the pool from the desired balance, a deposit penalty will be applied (receive fewer tokens). 

The source code of [add_liquidity()](https://github.com/curvefi/curve-contract/blob/master/contracts/pools/steth/StableSwapSTETH.vy). The function attempts to calculate the `difference` between the `ideal_balance` and `new_balances`, and uses the `difference` as a factor of the fee computation, which is tied to the bonus and penalty.
(by xiaoming90)

But in Convex and Curve SPELL this line repeat several times
```solidity
ICurvePool(pool).add_liquidity(suppliedAmts, minLPMint);
``` 
The [minLPMint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/spell/CurveSpell.sol#L69) has no check for it 
This could lead to:


## Impact
1- users could be exposed to a front-run attack 
2- users could be exposed to big penalties from the Curve Pool in case it becomes imbalanced ( there are multiple instances where the largest Curve pool (stETH/ETH) becomes imbalanced (Reference [01](https://twitter.com/LidoFinance/status/1437124281150935044) and [02](https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2022/06/17/biggest-steth-pool-almost-empty-complicating-exit-for-would-be-sellers/) )
So there is no guarantee that a Curve Pool will always be balanced

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
check the received LP token's value